"The last time I took physics was 9 years ago during my senior year of high school. Unfortunately I did not retain as much as I was hoping when taking it this summer. One interaction that has definitely changed from this course is how I use trigonometry. taking Math 112 last term Cosine was always X, and Sine was always Y. Now that is not always the case I found myself¬† more confused with which one to use at first since I always viewed them as simply a X,Y coordinate system. Now that is not always true I use SOHCAHTOA a lot more efficiently when using it to problem solving in this class and the problems that require it in the solution.¬† Another view this class has help re-clarify was differences between scalars and vectors. I always though speed, velocity, and acceleration were basically the same thing.¬† I also needed to take the word decelerate out of my mind since it was jumbling up how I solved vector quantities and know acceleration is simply the change in velocity over time whether that is speeding up or slowing down. I usually get frustrated with not being able to solve a problem or when I cannot visualize why something is what it is in math. With physics problems they are more visually understandable and I do not make me as annoyed since the solution always feels logical after I understand my mistakes.¬† I need to take this positive view on problem solving as more fun and a challenge than a chore that I cannot wait till it is over. Eventually when I work in the food science industry I am going to come across problems in the lab and I need to solve the issue by myself with what I know and resources that are available to me. So learning to stay calmer with these problems will definitely help in work in the future, and more as I get into harder classes like calculus and biochemistry this upcoming year.¬†"
"1) My interactions with others have not change or been influenced by this class as of yet.

2) I perceive the value of question and teamwork skills at a higher level because of this class. I feel that because they are both so vital to being successful in this class that it has made me appreciate these skills more.

3) Interpersonal communication is very important to everyday life, I think that it can also be important in physics because the ability to successful communicate with your group members allows you to further your success in the class as a whole. Asking questions and being able to communicate what you are struggling in and where you need help allows for a better outcome from peers and teachers on helping you understand a topic."
"My interactions with others have not really changed or been influenced by this course. I feel that I interact with my professor and peers the same way that I would in other classes. In lab, I work with my lab partners and we all communicate with each other and we discuss the lab and all contribute our own input to work through the lab and get all of our work done. This is similar to what I did during lab for lots of other classes that I have taken. Recitation is also very similar to that of other classes I have taken in terms of working with other people as a team to solve problems or questions.¬†

I think that skills in communication, interpersonal communication, teamwork and question skills are very important. I have learned that throughout the time I have spent in college and in most of the classes that I have taken this far.

These skills are essential both in everyday life and in any career because it is important to be able and open to working with others. Working with more people than just yourself gives you the opportunity to learn from your peers and colleagues and allows you to be exposed to different points of view and perspectives. I know that the skills I have learned in college are going to be extremely helpful to me in my future career because I am capable of working in group settings and working with others has made me understand the value of an individual person's perspectives and ideas."
"My interactions have changed very little with others because of this course, I do have a little knowledge I can share with others while working in physics puns. Unfortunately my major only requires one class out of the series and therefore I do not understand the purpose of it in my major. For forest management, we do not deal with falling trees at much as loggers and therefore I do not see physics playing a large roll in my future career. I do not want to detract from its importance, however, we experience physics daily and while it can be fascinating understanding it is difficult to wrap my mind around in regards to equations. There have been no points in my life outside of class that I have needed to calculate the velocity of a tree falling or a ball being thrown in a particular direction. What I do find valuable is being able to conceptualize why somethings work in a particular way such as the friction of something being pulled along a surface, or why the world works the way it does.¬†"
"I think that they have been influenced by my interactions with others. For example, all of our in class work and questions poses questions that encourage group interaction, which has led me to a deeper understanding and has also led me to form a study group. I also find myself explaining things about velocity and acceleration in reference to motor vehicles to my peers and family members.¬† I think that I will value these skills more as the course continues, I'm very interested in learning how the world works. Especially in regards to velocity, acceleration, and values that have to do with motion. I will also say that this is my first class that I have ever taken that encourages talking to your classmates during lecture, but I think that is the thing I like the most about this class. Even in reference to things such as 'How do you think this works', it is beneficial to see and learn how other peers approach problem solving, and how they process different material. In the future, and day to day life, I believe I will try my best to communicate with my peers to develop a deeper understanding myself. Which in turn, helps me apply it."
"This physics course is so fast paced that it has been critical to communicate and work with others. Normally I am more independent and like to work through questions on my own or ask a friend, but this course has forced me to interact with others in my classes and work with them on any questions I have, while also helping them with any questions they may have. Teamwork has been especially helpful in lab because, although the lab material is related, it seems to also include topics we have not covered, so working in a group makes it easier to figure out exactly what we need to do.

These skills, however, are also applicable in other courses and in life. I tend to be more reserved and spend my time with the same people on a regular basis, but this course has helped me to branch out and meet new people. This is important in everyday life as I will inevitably go through more jobs, which requires meeting and working with new people, and communication is most likely important to the job position. Communication is also important in relationships - whether that's with your mother or significant other - to remain healthy. Teamwork is helpful in building relationships with others, and being able to help and work with other people is a great skill because I will have to work with other people for the rest of my life."
"¬†Yes, I really never think about anything that we do in our everyday lives. like just driving our car or throwing balls in the air while my dog is trying to catch it. So, talking about it with my friend made me realized how these little things we do in our everyday lives is actually related to physics. Before taking this class, I never think about how physics can even actually help me with my chosen career, and it is amazing how it even relates to our daily routine.

I think I view these skills differently now than ever before. I think there is so much value that I learn just a week of this class. I also learn in this class on how I should draw what the question is asking to fully understand the questions, and have physical representation than trying to read the question numerous times. I also learn a skill that is related to our daily life.¬† I don't even think I can forget now on how driving my car is actually related to physics. I think before that acceleration and speed are just the same meaning, and having to learn new skills just like kinematics is really helpful.

Nowadays, people rely so much on technologies. For example, we rely on our GPS/phone on how long we get to our destination, or how far.¬† At least, having knowledge about kinematics, I can use it when I go places when phones/ GPS won't even work. I always go back to my home¬† Philippines, and technologies in the Philippines are not really well developed, and it is hard to even know where you are in the moment, and having this skills on how I can calculate is very useful in places like the Philippines.¬†"
"I would say that my interactions with others outside of physics classes have not been influenced, yet my interactions with people in physics lecture/lab/recitation have been influenced by this week's learning. The biggest change in my interactions with those in these classes has been the way I approach attempting to understand a difficult concept. In prior classes when I come across a concept that I found difficult, I would resort to figuring it out on my own days before the exam. In this class however, I often rely on my nearby peers in lecture to help me whenever a problem appears in lecture, difficult or not. This not only helps me better grasp a potentially difficult concept through simplified explanations provided from my peers, but it also helps me ""think like a physicist"": I break a problem down into its simple parts and then attempt to solve it with others. I believe that after taking this class, I will be more inclined than ever to collaborate with peers to better understand the material learned in lecture. Due to the nature of this course, I believe this skill will help me succeed in learning this difficult material. This skill will also be applicable to my daily life as I am more comfortable in breaking down a problem/concept into smaller pieces and solving it thereafter. In addition, this skill will surely help me in my other difficult science courses. Given that I am planning on pursuing a career in medicine, these study strategies will help prepare me for a rigorous post-grad education.¬†¬†"
"(i) My interactions with others has been limited to a few people. ¬†I have been working consistently with the same person for the first two labs and the recitation. ¬†We work well together and we have the same major. ¬†He is pretty smart and picks up on things more quickly than have been able to. ¬†This is my first time taking a course in physics in both college and High School. ¬†Interacting with the T.A.'s and L.A.'s has been helpful in the Wormhole. ¬†They have made me feel confident I will succeed and that they are willing to help. ¬†(ii). I do not perceive the value of these skills differently due to this course. ¬†I have never been the most educated but I have a very logical way of thinking and have always been drawn to science and truth. ¬†Some of the general concepts that I was already familiar with are just more exciting now because I can make more connections. ¬†

¬†

(iii) I find having these skills to be valuable for more than just success in a career. ¬†Being able to understand some of the things happening around us that are not seen with the naked eye brings me a lot of pride and confidence. ¬†I find that just having a simple understanding of the physical sciences can go a long way socially, academically, as well as professionally. ¬†"
"This class being as challenging as it is has really forced me to be a good listener and good critical thinker. This has already improved my ability to ask solid questions because it is crucial to seek help from TA's and LA's with this material if I want to be successful. I have really enjoyed being able to pick my recitation TA's brain and he has been extremely helpful and constructive in his lectures and in the manner in which he answers and explains his answers to my questions. It's important to build interpersonal relationships with your instructors as they are going to be a great help in enabling me to succeed in this course.¬† It is also important to develop strong interpersonal relationships with my classmates since it will be imperative to form study groups and help facilitate each others learning outside of the classroom. I think in my brief time in this course¬† it has influenced my actions with others because it has really forced my hand more than any other course to seek help and guidance in grasping and understanding the material as well as seeking answers from others because I really have no background in physics and I am completely new to learning the subject. I have always valued communication and interpersonal relationships highly in my life, but the nature of this course is making me place and even higher value on them at the moment. I need to be able to build relationships with my classmates and facilitate teamwork so we can¬† conquer the volume and pace of the course together in order to successful. The value of these skills is imperative to any job, occupation, and pretty much every facet of life. Working through problems in science and in physics requires teamwork, interpersonal skills, and communication. To be a successful in life, these three skills can be translated to any profession, task, hobby, endeavour, or relationship and result in a positive outcome.¬†"
"I don't think that I can say that my interactions with others has changed or been influenced by this course at this point and time. While I have met new and interesting people in the previous week, my personality hasn't been altered. I know how important communication, interpersonal communication, teamwork, and question skills are to the scientific community. Many projects today rely on these traits to push the boundaries of science and are used everyday in real life. I would argue that the most important for the scientific community would be either teamwork or communication skills. Few scientific acheivements have been done alone and even less still have been accomplished with no prior knowledge being passed from one person to another. I enjoy that the lecture part of class is more centered around open discussion of problems. I am naturally an introverted person, so to have an open dialogue with someone is nice and occasonially provides a perspective I had previously not thought of before. I think what I took away most from this first week of class is the question skills. I think that any adult should have the basic skills of questioning where information is coming from, how to interpret that information, and to ask yourself if that seems reasonable to you. These critical thinking skills are the key stone to a greater understanding of physics."
"So far, this course has introduced me to students who are willing to work together on physics homework outside of class. I already had one friend who I took organic chemistry with last year taking the physics series with me; he easily absorbs the material and is somebody I can rely on to study with every week.¬†

I feel like the skills learned in this class are a bit different compared to something like chemistry or math. Not only does this course require math knowledge, it requires you to think carefully about the problem, make a visual representation of it, and check to make sure that it makes sense. You have to think about all the small details of the problem; it forces you to be aware if the problem is trying to trick you in some small way.¬†

Teamwork and networking especially, are critical tools in everyday life. To be able to ally with others and build solid connections is useful not in only in this course, but when it comes to looking for jobs, making friends, and having success in life. I feel like networking is a significantly underrated skill that isn't mentioned to young students and that there should be more of an emphasis on it.¬†"
"(1) My interactions have changed while being in the course. I've had to challenge myself to talk and discuss with my peers about the content in the course. Additionally, challenging myself to ask for help from the TA's and forcing myself to explain my understanding. I think the class taught me to discipline myself by putting out hours and scheduling my time out. Learning how to communicate and elaborate on concepts is a skill that I am developing in this course. I am more aware of the importance of working and collaborating with other students.¬†

(2) The various skills that are used such as teamwork have changed in this course. Not in the sense of relying on others, but working on problems and getting people's input on how to tackle them has helped met o better my understanding in this course. Communication skills are at a higher value in this course because you need to know how to apply concepts and be able to make it sensible and understandable to truly succeed. Wrapping my brain around why it is supposed to make sense and be able to prove it is essential. It is training your mind to think abstractly and be able to think in different directions.¬†

(3) The value of these skills in science is that if you do research you need to work with people to accomplish certain goals and tasks. Additionally, for me personally going into the medical field is able to apply concepts and explain it and make sense of it is essential to people I may be caring for. In a course like vertebrate physiology where we are applying multiple concepts from physics to explain how much force people put into their arms, buoyancy and more are important to understand. Learning kinematics and practising trigonometric basic and algebra basics is useful because it helps you get a process in your mind about how to tackle concepts.¬†

¬†"
"I think this course has made me more willing to work with other people in class and outside of class. Coming into this class, I was really nervous because I had never taken physics before. I also did not know anyone and get nervous asking questions in large groups of people. Constantly trying to solve problems in class has made me more willing to reach out to my neighbors in class and work with them to get the right answer and further my understanding of the material. I think it is important to be able to discuss possible answers to the questions and explain the reasoning behind the answer to other people to help your own understanding and have them explain their thoughts if they get a different answer as well. I think the speed of this course has also helped me reach out to more people to form study groups due to the acceleration, amount, and difficulty of the material. I find these skills more valuable in this class because you need to be able to work with other people and ask questions in order to understand the material. These skills are valuable in this class and can be applied to every class to deepen your understanding of material. Reaching out and talking through material with other people allows you to not only learn from your mistakes, but also other peoples mistakes. It is important to be able to work with other people in everyday life as well, especially in the workforce and be able to ask questions when you are stuck."
"The interactions I have with classmates in this course has definitely been different than any other course I have taken. I attend a small liberal arts college in Maryland and have a maximum class size of about 18. Going into courses at my home university, I already know everyone in the course. Being at Oregon State, a much larger university, I notice that pretty much no one knows each other so were all in the same boat. My interactions with classmates have been solely about physics, a lot of the students I work with I dont know any more about them other than their name. My lab partners and I have so far worked very well together and utilized each individuals strong points. Were working towards a common goal together. Being in such a large class (for me) has been a very different experience, I get to know the professor and students on a much less personal level which is one of the reasons I chose to attend a smaller school. It will be good for me to have this experience so that I become more accustomed to these large groups of people and working more independently. This will help me when doing research at larger universities in the future. Additionally, being able to be approachable and personable with people I recently met will serve me well all throughout life and especially if I enter a medical field."
"I would definitely say that my interactions with others has changed/is changing through learning the fundamentals of physics. Much of my friend group, including my close friends, are engineering majors while I am a double in biology and biological anthropology. Just in this first week I feel as though I can already communicate with them better and understand at least a little bit about the assignments they talk about and work on since physics is so integral to the discipline of engineering.¬†

When it comes to interpersonal communication, teamwork, and questioning they too are all integral to the sciences. The scientific process and discovery process itself is one big back and forth between data, theory, and the individuals performing experiments based off of those two things. Questioning and skepticism is necessary to make sure that what we discover through science and physics is indeed a reality and correct.

I would not say that I perceive the value of these skills differently because of this course. However, I would say that I am learning the value of these skills within the discipline of physics itself as physics is something I have never been exposed to up until this point, not even an introduction in high school. Overall, I have enjoyed my time so far and hope to gain a strong appreciation for the field in the short time we have.¬†

¬†"
"I came into the physics course with some application of calculus. I completed math courses: 251,251 and 254. Position, velocity and acceleration concepts were derived from integration and differentiation to obtain values between each concept. After finishing condensed week 1 of physics, I think I have a better understanding in distinguishing speed, velocity and acceleration than when I took the three calculus courses. While I had some conception on the application between velocity, acceleration, and speed, physics has changed my perception on how different the three are but also how they are closely related. On graphs, the slope or the are under the curve can give additional information between the three. I am majoring in chemistry (forensic science concentration) with a minor in toxicology and the application to knowing these concepts would be of great importance such as a crime scene being investigated. For example, if a person walking a street was struck by a moving vehicle. Physics could be applied to find out how fast the vehicle was moving, if there was an attempt to slow down on the drivers behalf and other factors. Additionally, using the kinematic equations for real life applications also changed my perception on how distance, time, acceleration, velocity and the changes between them come together to get whatever value for a variable one is trying to obtain."
"My interactions with others haven't changed much by this course. I think that it's too early to see the effects of this course on my interactions with others, but I am hoping to see those changes soon. I don't interact with others too much during lecture because it personally distracts me too much. However, I do try to interact with my lab and recitation group to understand the content. I do see the value in interacting with people about science. With other scientists, it's important to talk to others and to share knowledge. With non-scientists, it's important to educate and correct misunderstandings about how scientific ideas work. I think that in physics, science, and everyday life, it's important to ask questions in order to understand as much as you can. If you don't understand something, it will always be okay to ask questions. This is something that I need to work on, but I think I've been getting better at. Teamwork is also important because when you work in a team, you pool all of your knowledge and skills into one. You can rely on other people who know more than you, and vice versa. You can also learn more from those people and build relationships to continue to work well with them.¬†"
"There are good experiences that I have had with my peers and there are some bad experiences as well. The good experiences is in my recitation class, because we only have 6 total people in the class, which allows us to work together and really break down each problem that we are working on. This also goes for the lecture classes. The people around me all turn and communicate when there is a hard problem that we all feel could use some reassurance. The bad experience that ive had is in my lab. My partner does not work hard at all on the lab packets and i'm left alone to do them all. She then copies off of my work assuming that shes doing nothing wrong. It makes it hard for me because im racing against the clock, as well as pausing to try and explain to her what im doing and what question im on.¬†

In order to do well in physics, i have had to really open my mind to problem solving and seeing it in many ways. I have noticed over the first week of physics that my communication skills have already been improving. Im more open to teamwork and working with others, because if you dont then you are kind of on your own and its a lot harder to be successful in physics.

These skills provided are very important in school, and in everyday life. They go hand in hand as well because if you master these skills in the classroom setting, then you can improve yourself outside of class. To be communicative in class will change the way you talk outside of class. I already work well with others but i can see the possibility of that helping improve the social life.¬†"
"Throughout high school I was never good at science or math. It was especially difficult because my father was my high school physics and chemistry teacher. ¬†I earned a BFA in Theater with an emphasis in hair and wigs in 2012 with the impression that I would never have to deal with math or science again. It wasnt until I worked half a decade in my field that I realized that success wasnt about intelligence, but about the amount of work and dedication one put into their achievement. A profession in theater and hair taught me the value of communication and teamwork, and prior to this course I was wholly aware that my success in this course would rely primarily on asking for help, in working with others, in talking through problems and trial and error. Frustration was inevitable, failure was inevitable, but I also know that getting through this course isnt about how smart I am, but how hard Im willing to work in this course. My father is one of the best resources I have, and Im grateful that hes retired and bored and willing to walk me through problems at ten at night when I cant figure something out.
My father also walked me through what to expect with this course, and I understand that physics involves a lot of problem solving in ways I havent seen in other classes. In some ways Im grateful for that, in other ways I find it a bit more frustrating. As a visual learner, drawing things out has definitely helped visualize what Im trying to determine and I am glad that this course is a subject that is easy to visualize. One of the things this week that has helped has been the òsense-making, something Id never thought of in other courses- but what about the problem makes sense in other areas? ¬†How, in other ways, can I justify this answer? ¬†It has definitely helped put a perspective on ensuring the answer I gives makes sense. This is definitely a habit Ill pursue in the future, in both physics and my other courses."
"I find that the skills learned in this class have valuable lessons that can be used in everyday life. Often we take for granted the forces used when driving a vehicle and how they interact with the world around us. The lessons taught this week helped to explain the actual physics of what is going on when driving and how the forces are represented in a graph. Often times people consider the act of braking to be deceleration, or slowing down, while in fact as far as physics is concerned slowing down is an acceleration in the opposite direction.¬† Reflecting in ward this week has made me realize that when using mathematical equations I need to take my time and actually write down the equations and numbers. Math has always come easily to me so I usually skip writing down steps and do them in my head. However with this class I need to take my time and fully work through the problem in order to not only get the correct number but also to keep track of the proper units. This is especially true when dealing with long conversions of units because it is very easy to lose track of the number and units."
"My interactions with others have changed due to this course. I have had to go out of my comfort zone by talking to new people and asking for help when I need it, which is something that I often have a more difficult time doing. I usually dont collaborate in class because I think I know the material enough on my own, but in this class I realize the value of talking with others and I get a lot out of discussing problems with the people around me. Collaboration and teamwork skills are important in almost every job and aspect of day to day life. Knowing how to work with the people around you is a huge part of a successful human experience, and it is incredibly important in terms of learning and solidifying understanding of whatever material you are learning. Being able to teach someone how to solve a problem is a great way to ensure that you have mastered the material, and this is very applicable in this physics class. I have found that I can benefit a lot from teaching others and for being taught by others, instead of doing it all myself and relying so heavily on lecture notes and textbooks.¬†"
"I feel as if my interactions with others have been influenced by this course. Whenever something cool happens and it could not be fully explained by simple observations, we relate it to physics. My friends and I tend to discuss physics almost every week, we will say ""Physics!"" all together when something 'unexplainable' has occurred. For example, if something were to fall and the object traveled a certain distance, we will relate it to physics.¬†

Now that Im taking the course and Im getting more knowledge behind it, I will start to see it more during different occasions. Being in the course will definitely help me improve on understanding the values behind every skill. Ever since the initiation of this course, I have used the skills to create relationships with classmates. Doing this will allow me to have a door for when I need help outside of class. If I were to be stuck on a problem, I know what skills will benefit me to get the help I need. I have been able to relate physics to many different occasions because I have gained better knowledge on the values behind it.¬†

The value behind the skills while working in a STEM field are very important. Without these skills it will be hard to maintain a professional career. These skills allow one to easily thrive in a professional setting, while allowing yourself to also create successful networks.¬†"
"Yes, my interactions with others have changed due to this course. In lab, we each have to participate and contribute a great amount to the group. This makes an individual think in different ways in order to solve the problem. We change our way of thinking and explaining things to improve our communication. I believe the value of these skills have changed. Before, I dreaded working in groups and never looked forward to working with other people, but in this course team work is crucial to success. I found that when I worked with other people, my understanding of the material greatly improved. Others may see a different way of solving a problem and this way may not have been something you thought of. Working in teams also helps other people when you are able to explain a topic they are confused on.¬†

Communication is are very important in all fields and even in everyday life. In science and physics, there is constant team work like in research groups. Experts are constantly working together to prove or disprove a hypothesis. In these research groups it is also important to know how to properly communicat information so as to not confuse a team member or cause a mistake in the data.¬†"
"I am a quiet person, so I don't really have the motivation or courage to be asking outright questions if I am confused, so I think having recitations and laboratories, where the class size is scaled down to a more unintimidating environment allows for someone like me who is a bit ignorant when it comes to physics in general, more of an opportunity to ask questions and feel more comfortable to interact with other classmates. I have never taken a physics class prior to taking this one, even in high school, it was never a requirement, so this all very new to me, so having smaller, more intimate groups and lab partners, allows me to casually ask more specific questions to better understand and comprehend the material that I was confused about. I am so far enjoying the class, its all very fast-paced, which is expected, but I am also excited to learn about physics. I so far am enjoying the course, but am getting a bit overwhelmed. Overall, I think I need to come in and utilize the office hours and extra help offered in order to be able to succeed to my fullest potential in this class, I think. ¬†"
"Coming into this class I realized that I had to be more social and use my peers more as learning resources. It's easier for me to understand information when I hear the concepts in multiple different ways so being able to talk to other students about the material is always really helpful. I have always struggled with classes like physics that applies a lot of mathematics, so it is a relief that this class offers so many resources. Going in for help and asking questions has always been something I have felt uncomfortable doing so that is something that I need to get over in this class because the information we are learning is really difficult. Having these skills is not only important for my future career but also just my normal life in the future. I want to be a veterinarian, so being able to work in a team and have the problem solving skills that this course is trying to teach me is important. I like how working in teams not only helps me learn the material presented in the class but also helps me learn how to work with a variety of people and ideas. This is not only a useful skill for this class but it is also a good life skill, I will be working and dealing with many different types of people in my field so learning social skills now is really important. It is also important for me to learn how to properly communicate my questions and concerns and this class forces me to practice this skill.¬†"
"My interactions with others have been changed by this course due to its level of difficulty and fast pace. The daunting nature creates a sense of community in the class, as we are all in the same boat. Considering most of us are giving up our summer to take a difficult class, most people in the course are very serious about their studies. This has made me more open to talking to new people and working with others. Unfortunately, I have to work throughout the entirety of the course which greatly limits my availability for group work.

This course has definitely already increased my level of awareness about how physics can be applied to everyday life. Just the other day I noticed myself thinking about velocity and acceleration as I was driving, and how they changed as I sped up, slowed down, and changed direction. Due to the fast pace of the course, I am quite stressed as it is so difficult to get all of the assignments and pre-lecture videos completed each day. I am interested in the real-life applications, but am feeling very overwhelmed by the combination of school and work.¬†

I already feel that I have learned a lot about the importance of vectors in the real world. Before this class I only knew of vectors from Despicable Me (Victor was my nerd name), so it has been interesting to learn what they actually are and how they apply to my life.¬†"
"my interactions with other people might have been influenced slightly by the¬† materials that i learned so far in this class. for example i start using the sense making strategies in my everyday life, which that may influenced my interactions with other people. also i have learned that working in a group or study with someone to be specific is more beneficial for me and other people. as that when we work together and for example I am explaining how to solve a specific problem for my friend that will help me to make that stuck in my mind and also help my friend in learning how to solve that. in addition, I learned to how organize my work when solving a problem and figure out my knows and unknowns from the problem. which that will help me too much in solving that. also the visualization is an important thing to understand the situation and make sense of the problem. however, these skills will always help me in my other courses not just physics, specially science classes and also in my everyday life as life style, these will be beneficial in organizing things and see if that make sense or not¬†"
"Since this course takes on the structure of a flipped classroom, it challenges you to familiarize yourself with the concepts and then helps explain and connect to real world examples. In terms of questions, I think the course does a good job incorporating questions that are easy for students to visualize and even apply to daily life.¬† Almost everything we do has some concept of physics behind it. The course has helped me become more interactive with other students since the lecture is focused on answering and discussing examples, rather than sitting in silence while the teacher lectures. By working in groups in lab and recitation, you make connections with other students and get to hear different ways of approaching problems. Physics is a time-demanding course. I definitely value these skills more especially due to the fact that I have always had issues approaching word problems. Being able to talk with others and practice visualizing scenarios has been very beneficial in my performance. The course expands your way of thinking. Overall these skills will most definitely carry on through my future classes and career endeavors. Since many concepts in science are not easy to view happening right in front of you, being able to visualize and discuss what you are learning with others will help in your understanding. You can approach challenging subjects with confidence.¬†"
"When starting off this week it was a mathematicalù eye opener to be. Not being right out of high school I had to think back to a couple years to my basics. This was an opener to the connections I have already made in class. Due to me not being the strongest in trigonometry or vectors, classmates around me were more than happy to jump in. That being said, being in physics and it being a struggle to everyone the first week has made everyone be on the same level leading to it being a positive environment. This class has been a positive experience so far and that's not just it being the class in general but that since physics is perceived as hard, everyone is willing to help each other succeed. The values of these skills in a larger perspective is that physics even if hard there are multiple ways to do everything, in physics especially. The first week we learned multiple equations which have taught us multiple ways to do things, this reminds me of everyday life. Every time there is a challenging problem, if you take the time to find the perfect way to do something then it becomes much easier, especially with help around you."
"My interactions with my classmates and TA's has changed since being a part of this class. One way my interactions have changed is that I would always be more hesitant when approaching my classmates and TA's. I would always just try to figure everything out on my own and not really ask for much help. This would work for me but I decided to be more open to asking for help with this class because of the length of this class is significantly shorter than the classes I normally take. I do not necessarily have time to try to figure something out for a couple of hours. By asking for help from my peers and TA's I have been able to be much more efficient with my time while I still figure out what I was struggling with. An example of this is when I was struggling with understanding the differences between the position, velocity, and acceleration curves. I was really struggling with this concept and it was taking me too much time to figure it out. It was at this point that I realized I need help with understanding this concept. The next day I went to my lab TA and asked for help. After this, the subject was much clearer to me and now I fully understand the topic that may have taken me a couple more hours to figure out if I did not ask for help."
"This course has gone extremely fast so far, and it has caused me to be much more willing to interact with classmates that I likely wouldn't have if in any other class. Because of the large amount of coursework and pace, in addition to Dr Thatcher preaching to work in groups, I have noticed that it is truly vital for me to work in study groups or with my peers to help with explaining any questions I may have. Communication between the TA's, LA's, and the professor has also been instrumental because I got my flights delayed in Panama and Houston so I was unfortunately forced to miss the first two days of class.¬† I plan on attending office hours next week to get everything squared away. I think the teamwork, communication and interpersonal skills used in this course are the same as other courses but much more amplified simply due to the pace and large amount of material to learn so quickly. In terms of the value of these skills, I think they are extremely important in everyday life. Building up the ability to work in a team and communication is vital for personal life, relationships, your career because everything ultimately relies on being able to communicate.¬†"
"Within the past week of being in this physics class, I have noticed a big difference in how this class operates and how other classes operates. Past classes have emphasized the need to be successful as individuals to be accomplished as a whole. Within the past week in the course, I have noticed a necessity in communication and help from others. My interactions with others have changed, these classes force me to ask others for help when I don't understand something because unlike other classes this class is extremely hard and very fast paced. I perceive the values of the skills learned in this class is much more than such studying skills or communication skills. The skills expressed in this class is important life skills such as perseverance and patience. Being able to persevere through difficult problems and being patient enough to learn from mistakes and new material is vital to be accomplished in physics. This is also applicable for science and how science works and how difficult science can be. Everyday life has a lot of ups and downs. There can be roadblocks and annoyances. Being able to persevere through those hardships and being patient to remain stable is vital in being successful in life.¬†"
"For this course, I am kinda like it because of our teacher (Evan), he always asks us to compromise with other students about the questions that he gave. It made us easier to communicate and make some friendships with other people, especially Americans. As we know, Asian students kinda suck in making friendship with Americans. Other than that, it boosted my confidence in talking with the Americans. I also got some knowledge that I did not know before by discussing with other students.¬†¬†

Honestly, I am going to say that I hate Physics the most from other Science subjects. It is not because I think it is useless, I know that Physics is very useful for your everyday life. But, Physics is different from Chemistry and Biology. Physics is like the combination of Math and Chemistry by using more logical and critical thinking, which I feel like I cannot reach that level. However, this course gave me many values and skills differently. For example, I am minoring in Chemistry. I became more detail when solving the problem. I keep thinking about whether the answer makes sense or not. I can solve many problems easier than before because of the logical and critical thinking that I learned in Physics.¬†¬†

These skills in Physics, Science, and everyday life are something that you cannot get it in other courses. My family runs their own business. Actually, I do not need to study very hard by taking all these science courses. I can just take a Business major. Nevertheless, I think that Science is the best way for you to train your brain. Even though, you will not use it completely in the future. But still, you got many benefits from learning sciences. Your logic is ahead further than other people. You also have better and more knowledge than others. For example, you learned Biology, you know a lot of things than other people do. In case of emergency about health or physical, you also know more than other people what you have to do. So, I am just gonna say that if you have a chance to learn Sciences and you waste it, it will become your biggest regression ever in your life.¬†"
"I would say this course thus far has influenced my interactions with other students in a positive way. The course enables the student to participate in class and utilize critical thinking with other students to solve problems in recitation and lectures, for example. This is beneficial because in the workforce you will have to interact and brainstorm with your peers to develop solutions that benefit the company. I would say the course is a step in the right direction for students to learn interactive skills.

I wouldn't necessarily say I personally perceive these skills differently due to prior experience with working on tasks in the workforce; however, I can estimate there are a number of students who've refined their skills from this course The value of the listed skills are high in demand within the sciences due to the fact collaborations in studies are of necessity. Communication is a desired skill to possess, especially in everyday life because their are numerous circumstances where you will be involved in a situation requiring an articulate sense of communication to solidify problems. The same thing applies to physics, where individuals will have a higher chance of success if they are able to work together and work on solutions to the problems given."
"My interactions with other students and staff are based on my personality rather than being influenced by any other courses even this course. I have always been a solitary person who prefers to work on their own but can work very well with others. I mainly do all the homework and assigned readings by myself but I always communicate with my lab group to get the lab down correctly and with my recitation group to solve the questions in a manner that everyone in the group understands. I don't perceive the value of these skills any differently because that is how I normally work. I am currently an intern in a research lab on campus and it works in a similar fashion. Everyone has their own project that they are working on and they focus on that, similar to how I do all my homework by myself, and we have lab meetings were we share any relevant information or data from our personal projects so that others in the research group have an answer for what occurred or can give a different perspective on any data that was acquired. Theses skills are valuable in everyday life because sometime you have to rely on yourself to get things done and sometimes you have to work in a group and communicate effectively to get a collective objective completed. ¬†

¬†

Another factor is that I am not the best at reaching out and talking to people which is why I would rather work alone."
"Coming into physics 201 I didn't know anyone else in the course. The courses difficulty and structure has pushed me to talk and meet others. A lot of these interactions are working through lecture problems and creating study groups to work on challenge homework. Doing this I have already met a ton of new faces and it's only been one week. I normally am pretty good with studying on my own but working with others is what is going to help me succeed in this 4 week accelerated course. Prior to enrolling in physics I took biomechanics which introduced vectors, velocity and acceleration. With that I kind of already learned how these skills can be used in everyday life and help in my future career. Though we are looking into this way more in depth in physics by understanding graphical representations and understanding how one equation is derived from another making them work for different scenarios. As difficult as physics is and knowing that taking this course as zero part in helping me obtain my major and minor I still see the value in it and how I inevitably will benefit from in my everyday life and my future career. That currently is what is keeping me motivated to take this course and do well to understand physics.¬†"
"Throughout the first week of physics 201, there was a bunch of familiar yet unfamiliar material being covered. I took physics in high school and honestly my teacher wasn't the best, so the majority of the material is quite new. I'm personally not the best at math-related subjects, but I feel like with additional help and studying I'll be able to pass the course. I enjoy the 2-hour lectures because it's going through problems to process the material we have all learned from watching the pre-lecture videos and it's quite interactive. The problems being covered in the course is mainly focused on real-life situations, which I find quite interesting. Physics is more about understanding the way certain things in life works through math.¬†

I found that it's quite important to make acquaintances with several other individuals in the course, in order to help one another understand the material being distributed in lectures, online, or in the lab. I feel that the interactions with others had made me feel better about being in physics 201 because we are all trying to learn and pass the class. The diversity of the class is quite large, well in the context of majors.¬†

¬†"
This is a very short way and the only two times I had communications with others from this course is in the two labs. I have previously taken a lot of different physical/engineering courses and is very used to the scientifical communication and teamworking pace and those skills are having a lot of value in my engineering works.¬†
"Over the past week, I feel that my nerves about this course have definitely winded down.¬† At first, I was a little scared of all the work and studying that was to come because of the class.¬† However, after revising my daily schedule to match the necessary study habits that I would need for this class, I feel that the class has definitely become more manageable.¬† The only unfortunate thing is that I am not able to work full time, which hinders my ability to pay the bills that I have fully.¬† All that aside, I feel that the interactions and skills that I've been building up in this class will help me take the course on with a strong and healthy lifestyle/ mindset.¬†¬†

Examples of the relationships and skills that I've come to develop are 1) communicating with my peers inside and outside of class, 2) getting the appropriate help that I need with homework, especially the challenge homework, and 3) adjusting my daily schedule so that I am able to live a healthy lifestyle.¬† ¬†The first skill has really allowed me to learn from my peers through interactive learning.¬† That is one thing that I've really liked about the in-class time that we have.¬† Instead of a boring lecture, the class is more interactive and I actually enjoy getting things wrong because I can clarify what I've gotten wrong in the class and fix it.¬† This also pertains to getting help from outside resources other than in class.¬† Going to the wormhole to get additional help really makes a difference than just trying to solve the problems on your own at home.¬† And lastly, being able to still exercise, get enough sleep, and eating healthy have allowed me to tackle on every day with a positive mindset, which I think is an important part of this physics journey.¬†¬†"
"(1) While in college, and this class so far, I have learned that it is very important to work with others. I find it very beneficial to study with groups of people, and not the same people every time, because everyone has a different way of learning and understanding the information so it can be very helpful to see all those different views. Working as a team has always been a really good way of learning for me, rather than tryin to figure out hard topics on my own, talking with other people about it makes it much easier to understand.¬†

(2) I think the value of these skills has always been a priority to me, but this class definitely enforces them as very important learning skills due to the fast paced course. Although I have not engaged in many of these skills yet since the course started, I plan on studying with other students and going to the wormhole. I think the wormhole would be very helpful because there are so many other students working on the same topics, and there are TA's there to help when we don't understand something.¬†

(3) In terms of learning physics and science, communication, interpersonal, teamwork and question skills are very important. As well as in a job setting, like a physicist or scientist, they have great value. In everyday life, communication skills are critical, and used almost constantly. And teamwork skills are a very good skills to have for school, jobs, and everyday life.¬†"
"1) In the one week of class so far I believe that my views on physics have been changing. Last week I was very reluctant on believing that physics was involved in my daily life. But just yesterday I was thinking about my negative acceleration and positive velocity as I was breaking at a spot light.

¬†

2) I think towards the end of the course my views on physics will be much different considering the fact that they have changed some within the last week.¬†

3) The value of having this knowledge in our everyday life is valuable because it is around us constantly and I do think it is wise to know why things in our world happen for a reason and to have logical explanations for these events"
"I think that being able to communicate and work with others is really important in everyday life, not just in fields related to science. While being able to think critically and ask questions is important when working in teams for science related endeavors, it is important to apply these same ideas to everyday interactions. Outside of class, it has been very valuable to be able to work with others and compare answers to homework problems. There have been several times where two of us will come up with different answers, and being able to work through the problem together and understand why each person got the answer they did has been a great way to work on communication.¬†

Personally, I think that being able to communicate well and work in teams has helped me become a better learner. As an individual it is almost impossible for me to every know everything, so being able to work with others helps fill any gaps in information that we might be missing individually when solving a problem. It is also interesting to see how others approach problem solving. Since everybody learns differently and problem solves differently, I have learned may techniques and ways to approach problems from others that I never would have though of.¬†"
"1) I don't think that my interactions while working with others have been influenced particularly from this course. I am already very familiar with working in team settings to solve problems that lead to solutions and am comfortable in initiating and participating in problem-based conversations. I am also not afraid to ask for clarification or help on an issue when I am confused.¬†

2) Not particularly. In almost any workplace setting some form of interpersonal communication skills are required for various problem solving scenarios so I feel I already understood the importance of having these skills and knowing when to utilize them. I do think that out of all the other courses I have taken in college this is the first that really emphasizes the importance of learning these skills and how they can help students be successful in their future careers.

3) I'd say holistically, it's being able to have conversations with others that may bring new insight or a different perspective into a situation. Even though you may have an idea or a solution to¬† a problem, there may be another better solution that someone else can contribute.¬† In the case of physics, for example,this could be you working on a kinematics problem and using a harder system to find the answer while your partner is done in half the time working on the same problem because they thought of a shorter technique that will illicit the same answer.¬†"
"1. Many science courses don't provide opportunities for collaboration. A shame given that the real world ""doing"" of science is inherently collaborative: (ideally transdisciplinary) teams of scientists working together to refine our understanding of the world etc. I appreciate that this course's design centers around working together in lecture to solve problems. I've also taken this approach outside of lecture as I worked with other students in the Wormhole on Tuesday. Planning to continue to use that open office hour to further engage/receive help/collaborate.¬†

2. I had a horribly inadequate and apathetic high school physics teacher who unfortunately painted it as the most mundane and counterintuitive of the hard sciences... so I avoided it all throughout college. It's the only pre-med requirement I used to say was ""unnecessary"". Oops. Within a week of this course, with its interesting practice problems and quality teaching, my opinion has changed. Physics is really cool. Its easy to get sucked into the problems and I'm eager to improve my problem solving skills.

3.¬†On the everyday level, so many misconceptions about how forces operate... like statistics and probability (I'm an MPH student with a concentration in biostatistics exactly because I wanted to learn more about data analysis before diving into a career in the science when statistics are so often poorly understood and inappropriately applied/interpreted). It's been fun rectifying some of these world views. And even just the problem-solving approach to teasing apart more difficult word problems: the value and efficacy of that approach is universal.¬†

On the science level again, I harbored the misguided belief that physics was the most unnecessary of the pre-med curricula... such an ignorant opinion! I want to be medical doctor that integrates environmental, community and individual levels of human health, ideally by helping to integrate the silos of science... Now I'm starting to gain an appreciation for why it would be tragic and unacceptable to leave physics out of the mix. Looking forward to learning more.¬†"
"(1) My interaction with others has been influenced and changed with this course specifically with my fellow classmates. I say this because normally I go to many classes and don't speak with my peers often or work together with them. Because during class Professor Thatcher encourages students to talk about the problems we do in class and work through them together it has shown me talking to my peers is very beneficial and a great way to work through confusing problems.

(2) Normally I like to solve problems on my own and just work through them using the textbook and my resources but as I mentioned I learned it is actually more beneficial and I seem to have more understanding of a problem if I work on them with other people and see their perspective so I definitely value communication and teamwork more than I did prior to this class.¬†

(3) These skills are valuable in physics, science, and everyday life because communication, teamwork, and question skills allow you to see other peoples perspectives and bring in multiple peoples knowledge whether it's on a physics or science problem or a life situation. Working together will improve your chance of success.¬†"
"1) No. They have not. I have only been attending this course for a week and so far my understanding of physics only goes so far as to say it uses trigonometric functions a lot. I do spend less time with my wife right now because of the class, but I think that's more influenced by the desire to pass than the concepts being learned.¬†

2) No. I've always valued the importance of understanding physics as a necessity for progress and understanding of the world in which we live.

3) I have never needed this knowledge for myself before now because in every day life just simply knowing to move out of the way of the lawn darts is sufficient to keep oneself alive. Learning to better understand trajectories and forces is awesome, but if something pointy flies in my direction I am not going to take the time to figure out the best course of action to avoid being hit by sitting down with a pen and paper. I'm just going to pick a direction, run, and hope if I do get hit that it is not fatal.¬†

I just remembered that my last paragraph is not entirely true. It is still mostly true; however, in the Marine Corps. I did need to understand that a bullet from an M16A1 service rifle will hit the target in the same place at 30m and 300m, given the wind wasn't string enough to throw it off at 300m, due to the bullets trajectory. It was useful because you can see your target much better at 30m, so when you are zeroing (calibrating) your rifle you can determine exactly where your bullets hit and adjust accordingly without risking being shot in the back by 50 other dumb lance corporals as you run down the firing range to your target.¬†

Also, as a future Plant Biologist it might be fun to determine what falling fruits and cones could kill me as I walk alone through a forest somewhere.¬†"
"1. I don't really feel that any of my interactions with others have changed or been influenced by this course. But, the only one that may differ is the relationship and communication with my boyfriend. He is a masters student that is incredibly gifted in math (opposite myself) and has a minor in physics. He knows how to help my brain understand the real-life scenarios and situations in which the math we are learning applies, which helps me learn the concepts. So, this may have helped me become more willing to let him teach me.¬†

2. I don't perceive the value of these skills any differently, they are applicable and useful in all contexts.¬†

¬†

3. I believe in physics and other science related fields collaboration is a necessary component to solving problems. An¬† example of this is in research. A problem posed that cannot necessarily be solved by one person, but may require communication between many people to solve. Everyday life is composed of interpersonal interactions and if these do not go fluidly, problems can arise between people and miscommunication can occur. Being able to communicate about any topic on the level of a genius or average person is important.¬†"
"The importance of communication with my peers was something that was pretty heavily stressed since day one. We were always told to discuss and work with a partner, or to create study groups.¬† However, being someone who tends to prefer working alone the large amounts of group work wasn't really something I enjoyed. It was only when the week picked up and we started labs that I truly appreciated the opportunity to work in groups. Having been forced to work with a partner seemed uncomfortable at first, but later I found it's pretty helpful to have someone to compare answers with and work together alongside. It really made the lab process a lot less daunting. A major part of teamwork is willingness to communicate, and once you get over any fears or anxieties of communication, you can finally reap the benefits of working with others. In a typical lifetime, you will always have to work with others, so by learning such essential skills early on, the teamwork process will be much smoother and life will be easier for you. All in all, this course has only furthered strengthened the idea that teamwork is necessary- regardless of if you like it."
"My interactions with others have been influenced by this course. This course promotes student involvement and interaction.¬† It provides me with the opportunity to problem solve aloud with others. The importance of the skills mentioned above helps with the learning process of the student. Active learning allows students to analyze, define, and evaluate problems. These are indeed important for students when learning challenging topics.¬†In physics, these skills are important for brainstorming or addressing a problem. Physics deals with understanding world phenomena. Therefore, it proposes questions and physicists tend to work with one another to address those questions. I think that this is central to this branch of science. These skills are vital for any field within the sciences.

In research, researchers work together and communicate with other groups to address a scientific issue. In proposing a scientific inquiry, knowing how to develop a scientific question requires adequate question skills. In everyday life, we come across situations where these skills, such as teamwork,¬† are needed. In life, we do not ""go at it"" by ourselves. It's almost certain we will be needing the help of others. Having the ease to come to someone and ask the right questions can be very useful. Having practiced these skills in physics lecture, I try to apply some of these skills in other classes as well.¬†"
"During the duration of the class itself, I am constantly communicating with others about the workload, questions, skills, and tips. I live with my best who are taking the course as well which is making our home life constantly about physics whether it is working together or questioning and complaining about the workload. I do not perceive the values of these three skills differently because of this course. I feel the interactions is the same as any other team driven course. Due to the exceralrated of the course, I feel the number of interactions every day is simply increased. Communications is important in the three domains discussed because this skill supports knowledge and advancement. Teamwork is huge because the success of the world is done with teamwork and building off each other's ideas to come up with a better solution. Interpersonal is important to feel empathy for others and understand. When a team member is frustrated you use your interpersonal skills to make the situation better and hopefully find a way to explain the problem to the team member struggling. Finally questions skills, this is a great skill to have in any environment because it is important to be teachable and eager to learn. You will never come to a point in your life that you know everything. Therefore questions need to be asked to be able to learn from each other. All these skills are very important to use and master during this course because of the difficulty level and quickness.¬†"
"1) I have not interacted much with many in my class. I often sit by myself and am too shy to introduce myself or contribute my thoughts to class discussions. In recitation and lab I contribute more and equally with my groups but not enough times that it has influenced my interactions with others. I have used other lab classes which have influenced how I treat others, especially in lab settings. Before I often knew the material more than my peers and did not want to take the time to explain to group members but now I know that there is value in teaching to either correct any mistakes in my logic that I otherwise would have just believed to be true or to reaffirm and learn through teaching it to others.

2) ¬†I believe this skills will be beneficial in physics, especially in an accelerated course. This is a time in which it will be more valuable because I do not have a background in physics and I often struggle with the conceptual physics rather than the arithmetic.¬†

3) The value of this skill to teach and explain what I know is helpful in physic as stated above, similarly in other science classes I have and will take. These are rather important for everyday life as well in my personal and professional relationships as I will better be able to explain my thoughts, feelings, and ideas, contributing to more conversation and influencing the world around me.¬†"
"Physics has penetrated into life, everywhere, whether it is mechanics, optics, or heat, etc., which are reflected in the small details of life. With the progress and development of society and the improvement of people's living standards, automobiles have become a very common means of transportation. It not only brings convenience to life, but also is a typical example of the application of physics in life, because it is inseparable from it. It is convenient. The application of light in life, light and sound are ubiquitous. Here only focus on an example - the car. Because the car is a very important and great invention of human beings, through its introduction, it can have a relatively basic understanding of optics. First of all, if you drive a car, you will find that the rear view mirror on the outside of the car is a convex mirror, which uses the convex mirror to divergence the light and the characteristics of erect, shrink, and virtual image, so that the small objects seen are small. The scope of observation is larger, and the driving safety is guaranteed. The mirror in the headlight of a car is a concave mirror. It is made of a concave mirror that can reflect the light emitted by the light source placed at its focus into parallel light. It is farther away and ensures driving at night. Safety. Secondly, the car headlights must always be equipped with horizontal and vertical stripes of glass shades. The headlights of the car consist of a light bulb, a mirror and a front glass cover. According to the knowledge of lenses and prisms, the car headlight glass cover is equivalent to a combination of a lens and a prism. When driving at night, the driver must not only see the situation on the road ahead, but also see the roadside, road signs, forks and so on. The lens and the prism have a refraction effect on the light, so the lampshade is refracted, and the light is dispersed in a desired direction according to actual needs, so that the light uniformly and gently illuminates the road and the roadside scenery of the car, and the astigmatism lamp cover can also A portion of the light is slightly refracted to illuminate road signs and milestones to ensure safe driving."
"I think my interaction with other classmates or teachers in the classroom has been influenced by this course. I attended chemistry and biology classes last semester. The teaching modes of these two classes are very similar to the physics classes. However, the teacher does not give the class time to discuss the problem, and the time for the student to answer the question is very small. But the physics class is different, giving us plenty of time to discuss the problem. This made me very impressed with the knowledge.Through this course, I changed my mind about answering the wrong question. I used to think that answering mistakes was a very bad thing. But yesterday the teacher told us that answering the wrong class exercises is correct. Because people usually have a deep impression of the mistakes they make. If all of our questions are answered correctly, then there is no need for class.Physics has penetrated into life, everywhere, whether it is mechanics, optics, or heat, etc., which are reflected in the small details of life. Everyone is exposed to cooking in life. If you pay attention to the details in life, you will easily find that there are many directly related to mechanics. And this knowledge has been in contact since the beginning of junior high school. For example, the thin edge of the kitchen knife is to reduce the area of the force and increase the pressure, so that you can easily cut vegetables or even thick meat. Such examples of physics are inextricable. Physics is a highly practical science, and it has a very close relationship with industrial and agricultural production and daily life."
"Physics has been a looming challenge in my academic career that I have successfully avoided until now. Now, in the belly of the beast, so to speak I find that my only lifelines are my classmates, LA's and professor. Realizing this has helped me feel more confident in reaching out and asking for help. Communication is absolutely necessary and I still struggle to convey my ideas or problems clearly and I find that hinders my growth in this course. I have questions but do not know how to word them. It is a skill I am trying to get better at, but it takes time and practice. Teamwork is another vital aspect of this course that has and will continue to be invaluable. I have found that I can easily help someone with one type of problem, but need their help later on a different one. Having people to bounce ideas off of in a relaxed setting is helpful in finding the hidden fun of physics.¬†

So far within my experience of the course no one has attempted to shame me for not understanding, or being a bit slower at certain problems than others, which I am thankful for and I always return that kindness with patience and understanding when someone else reaches a difficult point. This class demands interpersonal skills, clear communication, and teamwork to be successful, just as much as it demands intensive studying and commitment.¬†"
"(1) My interactions have been changed with other people. I'm more likely to reach out and ask a question and risk looking stupid. I think this is because it is universally acknowledged that physics is a difficult subject, especially at Oregon State, and it is especially difficult given the time we are trying to learn this course in. So I do ask questions of my neighbors in class and I will shout out questions like ""how many centimeters in a meter?"", but I also have been reaching out to others outside of class on unrelated topics. This may just be the senioritis kicking in and I just don't care about looking smart anymore.¬†

(2) Absolutely, these skills seem different to me now. I really enjoy just saying f-it and asking a question and then going on my way without wasting time trying to figure it out for myself. This could be a dangerous result down the road, but for now I'm going to savor the time I'm saving by just asking questions.¬†

(3) The value is in greater communication with your peers- this exchange is the fabric of society. By asking questions and collaborating to find answers we are demonstrating that we are as lost as everyone else- decreasing panic, we are checking each other- so many times I've had my sign or directions corrected already, and we are seeing the way other people's brains work- which provides insight into how we came to our conclusions and if we were wise in doing so.¬†"
"This week has been a very fast paced one. Learning a lot of content has caused me to think about physics in normal every day life. I believe I will continue to think about daily events in a more abstract way as a learn more about physics. When I go to the gym, I look at how equipment uses principles of physics (example being the use of pulleys for cable machines), or even how a leg press can make moving a certain amount of weight easier than when the same weight is being squatted.¬†¬†

This week we have worked on kinematic equations. These forms of problems require algebra for real life problems instead of just solving for a random ""x"". I have struggled with algebra because I have not used it in a while, but discussing with classmates is really useful. I think being comfortable with asking questions is extremely important for this class and I will continue to ask questions when I need help. This class¬† is a very valuable one to me because it can be applied to everyday life and anyone can put many of the concepts learned in class.¬†¬†

As I continue learning physics, I will be able to utilize my skills and transfer it to better understanding the physiology of the human body during many different scenarios.¬†"
"1) So far, this course has pushed me out of my comfort zone and forced me to discuss with others about how to reach a solution for a difficult problem. Also, since this course is very condensed and quite difficult, it has motivated me to create a study group for the first time since I have come to Oregon State.

2) This course so far has helped me perceive the beneficial value of teamwork and communication skills. I have been having difficulty with some of the topics so far during this course, and seeking help from my peers has allowed me to see what other people are doing to get the correct solutions. It also helps me learn when I teach somebody or help somebody with problems.; this reinforces information in my brain.¬†

3) It is important to hear feedback about things from other people in order to gain new perspectives. I know that I am not always correct about many things, and it is important to hear from other people about their perspectives on topics such as politics, science, health, etc. I think it is vital for people to leave their ""bubble"" and hear from other people about their opinions or reasoning behind topics because they might persuade somebody to alter their opinion or perspective on something.¬†"
"I knew I was going to struggle in this course since math isn't my best subject and I tend not to learn things as quickly. I knew I was going to need to learn things at a quicker pace, this course being accelerated, so I also knew I had to find other people in the class to work with in order to learn these new concepts faster and easier. Because of this class and the interactions I've shared with others, I've definitely been more talkative and willing to try harder on problems and really try to understand the concepts as well. Teamwork is definitely a useful skill in this course. I definitely learn better in a group setting when it comes to learning about things I know I'm not great at, like math or physics. Since being in this class, I value teamwork and the ability to communicate with others a lot more. I think teamwork is valuable in any science class/setting because the more people that work together, the more problems you can probably solve, since everyone can bring a different perspective or new knowledge into the situation.¬† This also applies to everyday life as well. With teamwork and communication, things are done more efficiently, and you don't need to struggle as much as you would if you were to work alone.¬†"
"On the subject of communication, this physics class has given me an opportunity to practice precision in the information I am trying to convey. In both recitation and lab I work with other individuals who may have misconceptions about the material we have covered or are confused and uncertain about a topic. Because the topics we cover in this class are relatively complicated, in order to assist my fellow classmates in their understanding I have to be very intentional with my explanations. I utilize simple, easy to understand language which is free from scientific jargon and I attempt to relate the topics to real life examples to try and explain what they might be missing. This sort of clarity in communication goes both ways, too. When I need something explained better or reiterated, it is important for me to frame my questions in a way which is easy to understand so that the true nature of my confusion might be ascertained and addressed.¬†

This type of interpersonal communication with my classmates has also served to improve my understanding and recollection of the course material. I find that many people, myself included, benefit from teaching others topics which they are trying to master. Working as a team with other individuals, teaching and being taught in turn, is proving to be an excellent method to enhance overall learning. While I am typically a lone individual, I realized the value of these sort of interactions in previous classes, and I am more than happy to continue implementing it in this course and in the future."
"I feel as though my ability to work with other people in this course has increased my ability to communicate difficult to describe terms and processes to another person. For example, when I was talking about seemingly very similar terms, such as velocity and acceleration or vectors, I found in the beginning of the course that it was difficult to communicate my thoughts clearly. However, as this week has progressed I noticed that I became better at communicating my thoughts to my group on how I thought we could solve the problems. Additionally, I discovered that as a group we became better at catching ourselves falling into traps by asking better questions. The more specific questions we asked, regarding the practice examples, allowed us to figure out the problems faster than earlier in the week.

I view the value of these skills differently due to this course because it asks us to describe experiences we have daily in very specific terminology. Therefore, it can be difficult to communicate in mathematical terms instead of everyday terms. So, this course has shown me that communication can be pushed even further to be more specific and thought out. The value of being able to communicate more clearly and ask clearer questions is a reward that extends beyond just physic and science to practically everything in life. We are constantly communicating with other people and asking questions of the world around us. The better we are at communicating and asking questions the more effective we are at understanding others and/or reaching a common goal.¬†"
"It is useful for me when solving problems to collaborate with others around me. I find it most beneficial when working through the process independently and then sharing responses with others. If there is disagreement then talking about how we got different answers is useful. By discussing topics with others, it makes physics more bearable. Additionally, I find it helpful that there are TA's and other instructors walking around and offering help when needed. The overall format of this class certainly facilitates this kind of collaborative thinking. I believe this is something that should be applied to other classes and be a more universal way of learning. In the past, many of the more challenging science classes did not encourage working with classmates to the extent of this physics series and as a result, I would study by myself and not gain additional insight from others.¬†

The skill of working with others to study and learn this subject can certainly be applied to out-of-class situations as well. Much of scientific fields and careers are based on working with others by applying teamwork and communication skills. For example, in hospitals, a primary area of the medical field, many professionals like doctors, nurses, and technicians must interact and contribute their own expertise to achieve the needs of their patients.¬†"
"There is huge value to having established communication, interpersonal, teamwork, and questioning skills in every part of life. Not only in the physics classroom, other courses, but in every minute of life. These 4 skills make up who you are and how others can perceive you. Communication skills is crucial if you want others to understand your ideas, concerns, questions, and any thoughts you have. This pertains specifically to physics due to the fact our course is moving so swiftly, we need to ask clarifying question in class to help us understand the material. Interpersonal skills for this class are also dire. ¬†Once again, since this class so rapid, working with others with the material is extremely necessary in order to remain sane. This idea goes along with teamwork. Working in study groups requires compromise and understanding, something a team member must have. Not only study groups, but within lecture, recitation, and lab, there is a mass amount of group work and communication that goes on so these skills are crucial to have developed in order to succeed. Lastly, questioning skills is a big idea to think about while we are in physics. Question what is being said in order to get a better understanding and actually grasp the concept rather than memorizing it, it will help in the long run. These skills combined will ensure a better experience within the physics course and within life."
